**Editors Note.** Archived wiki page https://github.com/w3c/aria/wiki/Spring-2023-F2F, last edited May 3, 2023.

# Spring 2023 F2F

[Registration Form and Accessibility Requests](https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/83726/2023ARIAf2f/)

## Details:
* Date: 2023-05-03/2023-05-04
* Meeting times: start 9am - 5pm with break for lunch 12-1. 
* I will be at the office from 8am - room is on the 3rd floor and I will need to escort people to the room.
* Location: Petrale Sole Room, [Adobe Office, 801 N 34th St, Seattle, WA 98103](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Adobe+Seattle/@47.648312,-122.3488709,19z/data=!4m15!1m8!3m7!1s0x54901506bc3aa79f:0xb21dadb703ffd024!2s801+N+34th+St,+Seattle,+WA+98103!3b1!8m2!3d47.648253!4d-122.3491386!16s%2Fg%2F11bw4lv8kq!3m5!1s0x54901506ba72d6e5:0xf693cdc0af40611e!8m2!3d47.6483332!4d-122.3479291!16s%2Fg%2F1vvr5xw7)
* Parking: Visitors can park at the East End of the Waterfront building directly below the Aurora Bridge.

## Agenda:

Arrive no later than 8:45, if you arrive after 9 you will be disrupting the meeting (as James will have to leave the meeting to fetch you).

[Candidate topics](https://github.com/w3c/aria/labels/F2FCandidate)

### Wednesday 3 May 2023
| Time Block | Topic | Agenda Setter | Other |
|------------|-------|---------------|-------|
| 9:00 - 10:15 | [What do you want to work on in ARIA this year?](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1884) | Valerie Young | |
| 10:15 - 10:30 | Break | | |
| 10:30 - 11:45 | [Introduction/Overview of Automated Testing](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1879) | James Craig | |
| 11:45 - 13:00 | Lunch | | |
| 13:00 - 14:30 | [Live Regions](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1883) | Doug Geoffray | Don't move - for Scott |
| 14:30 - 15:00 | Break | | |
| 15:00 - 16:30 | [How to Progress Secondary Actions](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1440#issuecomment-1424665168) | Sarah Higley | |

Remote attendance:
Jamie Teh from 1pm+

### Thursday 4 May 2023
| Time Block | Topic | Agenda Setter | Other |
|------------|-------|---------------|-------|
| 9:00 - 9:45 | [Discussion on ARIA Relational Terms](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1914) | Valerie Young | |
| 9:45 - 10:15 | [Host Language Computed Role](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/529), [Extension Spec Computed Role](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1887) | James Craig | |
| 10:15 - 10:30 | Break | | |
| 10:30 - 11:45 | [Test Writing!](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1879) | James Craig | |
| 11:45 - 13:00 | Lunch | | |
| 13:00 - 14:00 | AOM Sync Up, including [ComputeAccessibleNode](https://github.com/WICG/aom/issues/197) | Nolan Lawson | Do not move - Nolan arriving at 1pm|
| 14:00 - 14:30 | Virtualization - please read [explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Accessibility/VirtualContent/explainer.md) for background | | |
| 14:30 - 15:00 | Break | | |
| 15:00 - 16:30 | [The relationship between ARIA and ATs](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1921) | James Nurthen | |

Remote attendance:
Jamie Teh from 1pm+

## Close Hotels:
* [Staybridge Suites Seattle - Fremont](https://www.ihg.com/staybridge/hotels/us/en/seattle/seasb/hoteldetail)
   * one half mile from venue

## Meals:
* We will have lunch in the Cafe on site.
* Group dinner at Ivar's Salmon House at 6:45 Wed evening. Not Sponsored so pay your own check. https://www.ivars.com/salmon-house - 401 NE Northlake Way
