**Editors Note.** Archived wiki page https://github.com/w3c/aria/wiki/TPAC-2023-ARIA-Meetings, last edited Sep 14, 2023.

# TPAC 2023 ARIA Meetings

## Details:
* [TPAC 2023 Website](https://www.w3.org/2023/09/TPAC/)
* [Attendance](https://www.w3.org/register/tpac2023/registrants#meeting-200)

## Agenda:

[Candidate topics](https://github.com/w3c/aria/labels/F2FCandidate)

The timezone of these meetings will be UTC+2.

Times:
* Registration opens at 09:00
* Coffee available from 09:00 to 09:30
* Breaks (drinks and snacks) will be available from 11:00 to 11:30 and from 16:30 to 17:00
* Lunch will be available from 13:00 to 14:30

### Monday September 11, 9:30-18:30

| Time Block | Length | Topic | Agenda Setter | Other |
|------------|--------|-------|---------------|-------|
|  9:30 - 10:30 | 60 min | Introductions and Process Reflections | Valerie Young | |
| 10:30 - 11:00 | 30 min | ARIA Math Role in Publishing, [explainer](https://github.com/w3c/publ-a11y/wiki/Accessible-inline-math) | Presentation by Publishing community group | |
| 11:00 - 11:30 | 30 min| BREAK |  | |
| 11:30 - 12:15 | 45 min | [Explain how values are obtained](https://github.com/w3c/accname/issues/184) | Melanie Sumner | |
| 12:15 - 13:00 | 45 min| [ARIA Data Visualisation module](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/991) | James N + Marcelo | |
| 13:00 - 14:30 | 90 min | LUNCH |  | |
| 14:30 - 15:30 | 60 min | [Proposal for "dashboard" and "tile" roles](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1994), [Discourage use of grid role for layout purposes](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/2000) | Mario  | |
| 15:30 - 16:30 | 60 min | [Rethink how "hidden" is aria-hidden content?](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1951) | Aaron, James N with input from Scott | |
| 16:30 - 17:00 | 30 min | BREAK |  | |
| 17:00 - 17:45 | 45 min | [Definitive tooltip design pattern](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/2002) | Jaunita George and Sarah Higley | |
| 17:45 - 18:30 | 45 min | Notification API, how to move forward | Doug, Aaron | |

Remote attendance:


### Tuesday September 12, 9:30-13:00, 17:30-18:30

| Time Block | Length | Topic | Agenda Setter | Other |
|------------|--------|-------|---------------|-------|
|  9:30 - 10:15 | 45 min | [Interactive Lists Overview status and next steps](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/2036) | Mario | Remote attendance: Sarah |
| 10:15 - 11:00 | 45 min | Relationship with ATs, and update on ARIA-AT results  | Matt King  | To invite NVDA and Vispero |
| 11:00 - 11:30 | 30 min| BREAK |  | |
| 11:30 - 13:00 | 90 min| [1.4 Prioritization](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1884) | Valerie Young and James N | |
| 13:00 - 14:30 | 90 min | LUNCH |  | |
| 14:30 - 17:30 | | NO MEETINGS | | |
| 17:00 - 18:00 | 60 min | [Notification Proposal](https://github.com/w3c/aria/discussions/1958) | Joint Meeting with APA | in APA room: Utrera, 1st floor, [meeting link](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/4a527bc3-c83d-408e-b978-307dca9999fc/) |
| ~~18:00 - 19:00~~ | ~~60 min~~ | CANCELLED: ~~Presentation from Meta on A11y work in XR~~ |  | |

Remote attendance:

### Wednesday September 13

Break out sessions!

| Time Block | Topic | Other |
|------------|-------|-------|
| 12:15–13:15 | [Cross-Browser Automated Accessibility Testing in WPT Interop 2023 and Beyond](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/7ea3022f-4424-45da-ba98-2953baf7d997/) | [Meeting link (location+zoom)](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/7ea3022f-4424-45da-ba98-2953baf7d997/) |
| 14:30–15:30 | [Design Tokens for Accessibility Settings: Empowering Inclusive Design with CSS](https://github.com/w3c/tpac2023-breakouts/issues/10) | [Meeting link (location+zoom)](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/574987d8-a141-4734-b396-4673e4b0a549/) |
| 14:30–15:30 | [AT Driver: Get Involved](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/fcde7756-f9a9-4ad5-b67a-0d7049e5b10b/) | [Meeting link (location+zoom)](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/fcde7756-f9a9-4ad5-b67a-0d7049e5b10b/) |

### Thursday September 14

| Time Block | Length | Topic | Agenda Setter | Other |
|------------|--------|-------|---------------|-------|
| 11:00 - 12:00 | 60 mins | Browser testing + tools joint meeting | James Craig |[Meeting link (location+zoom)](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/684f83a6-eb9a-4c1f-9484-5311fbf159ed/) |
| 12:15 - 13:00 | 45 min | [Deprecate rather than remove aria-expanded from static roles](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/1990) and [Validator punishing devs: role and property deprecation vs. removal discussion](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/2005) and [Marking of directory as "Deprecated" in all places](https://github.com/w3c/aria/issues/2029) | Joint meeting with ACT | [Meeting link (location+zoom)](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/1b605eaf-9091-492e-a1a4-c9ecbe48b7e8/) |

Remote attendance:

### Friday September 15, 9:30-11:00

| Time Block | Length | Topic | Agenda Setter | Other |
|------------|--------|-------|---------------|-------|
|  10:00 - 11:00 | 60 min | More about Tooltips |  | [ARIA meeting room](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/b2db2f06-ff72-4365-a067-5df39cf2fcd6/) |
| 11:00 - 12:30 | | NO MEETINGS |  |  | 
| 12:30 - 13:15 | 45 min | [Joint meeting with Immersive Web WG](https://github.com/immersive-web/administrivia/tree/main/TPAC-2023#agenda) | | [Meeting link (location+zoom)](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/7e00b17e-b4ef-471b-96c1-21a2c9d77c92/) |
| 11:00 - 14:30 |  | NO MEETINGS |  | |
| 14:30 - 15:30 | 60 min | Computed Accessible Node | James Craig and Co. | This is a [WICG meeting](https://github.com/WICG/admin/wiki/TPAC-2023-agenda#friday-15) in the [WICG Meeting Room](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/5b742811-e535-420a-aeb0-c6d3fec0b7f8/)| 


Remote attendance:
